README.md, before:

# tf-mod-rds

Terraform module to provision AWS RDS instances.

This module is originally from [Cloudposse's RDS module](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-rds). For production usage, an RDS read replica should be created.

## MySQL Example:
 ```
module "db" {
  source                      = "github.com/mitlibraries/tf-mod-rds?ref=0.13"
  engine                      = "mysql"
  engine_version              = "5.7.34"
  instance_class              = "db.t3.micro"
  allocated_storage           = 20
  name                        = "appname-rds" # ONLY alphanumeric characters and hypen!
  database_name               = "dbname"      # ONLY alphnumeric characters!
  database_user               = var.rds_username
  database_password           = var.rds_password
  database_port               = "3306"
  db_parameter_group          = "mysql5.7"
  maintenance_window          = "Sun:00:00-Sun:03:00"
  backup_window               = "03:00-06:00"
  vpc_id                      = module.shared.vpc_id
  subnet_ids                  = module.shared.private_subnets
  security_group_ids          = [aws_security_group.default.id]
  major_engine_version        = "5.7"
  allow_major_version_upgrade = "false"
  apply_immediately           = "true"
  dns_zone_id                 = module.shared.private_zoneid
}
```

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | ~> 2.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| final\_snapshot\_label | github.com/mitlibraries/tf-mod-name | 0.13 |
| label | github.com/mitlibraries/tf-mod-name | 0.13 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| allocated\_storage | The allocated storage in GBs | `string` | n/a | yes |
| allow\_major\_version\_upgrade | Allow major version upgrade | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| apply\_immediately | Specifies whether any database modifications are applied immediately, or during the next maintenance window | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| auto\_minor\_version\_upgrade | Allow automated minor version upgrade (e.g. from Postgres 9.5.3 to Postgres 9.5.4) | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| backup\_retention\_period | Backup retention period in days. Must be > 0 to enable backups | `string` | `0` | no |
| backup\_window | When AWS can perform DB snapshots, can't overlap with maintenance window | `string` | `"22:00-03:00"` | no |
| copy\_tags\_to\_snapshot | Copy tags from DB to a snapshot | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| database\_name | The name of the database to create when the DB instance is created | `string` | n/a | yes |
| database\_password | (Required unless a snapshot\_identifier or replicate\_source\_db is provided) Password for the master DB user | `string` | `""` | no |
| database\_port | Database port (\_e.g.\_ `3306` for `MySQL`). Used in the DB Security Group to allow access to the DB instance from the provided `security_group_ids` | `string` | n/a | yes |
| database\_user | (Required unless a `snapshot_identifier` or `replicate_source_db` is provided) Username for the master DB user | `string` | `""` | no |
| db\_options | A list of DB options to apply with an option group.  Depends on DB engine | ```list(object({ db_security_group_memberships = list(string) option_name = string port = number version = string vpc_security_group_memberships = list(string) option_settings = list(object({ name = string value = string })) }))``` | `[]` | no |
| db\_parameter | A list of DB parameters to apply. Note that parameters may differ from a DB family to another | ```list(object({ apply_method = string name = string value = string }))``` | `[]` | no |
| db\_parameter\_group | Parameter group, depends on DB engine used | `string` | n/a | yes |
| dns\_zone\_id | The ID of the DNS Zone in Route53 where a new DNS record will be created for the DB host name | `string` | `""` | no |
| enabled | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| engine | Database engine type | `string` | n/a | yes |
| engine\_version | Database engine version, depends on engine type | `string` | n/a | yes |
| final\_snapshot\_identifier | Final snapshot identifier e.g.: some-db-final-snapshot-2015-06-26-06-05 | `string` | `""` | no |
| host\_name | The DB host name created in Route53 | `string` | `"db"` | no |
| instance\_class | Class of RDS instance | `string` | n/a | yes |
| iops | The amount of provisioned IOPS. Setting this implies a storage\_type of 'io1'. Default is 0 if rds storage type is not 'io1' | `string` | `"0"` | no |
| license\_model | License model for this DB.  Optional, but required for some DB Engines. Valid values: license-included \| bring-your-own-license \| general-public-license | `string` | `""` | no |
| maintenance\_window | The window to perform maintenance in. Syntax: 'ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi' UTC | `string` | `"Mon:03:00-Mon:04:00"` | no |
| major\_engine\_version | Database MAJOR engine version, depends on engine type | `string` | `""` | no |
| multi\_az | Set to true if multi AZ deployment must be supported | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| name | The Name of the application or solution  (e.g. `bastion` or `portal`) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| option\_group\_name | Name of the DB option group to associate | `string` | `""` | no |
| parameter\_group\_name | Name of the DB parameter group to associate | `string` | `""` | no |
| publicly\_accessible | Determines if database can be publicly available (NOT recommended) | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| security\_group\_ids | he IDs of the security groups from which to allow `ingress` traffic to the DB instance | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| skip\_final\_snapshot | If true (default), no snapshot will be made before deleting DB | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| snapshot\_identifier | Snapshot identifier e.g: rds:production-2015-06-26-06-05. If specified, the module create cluster from the snapshot | `string` | `""` | no |
| storage\_encrypted | (Optional) Specifies whether the DB instance is encrypted. The default is false if not specified. | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| storage\_type | One of 'standard' (magnetic), 'gp2' (general purpose SSD), or 'io1' (provisioned IOPS SSD). | `string` | `"standard"` | no |
| subnet\_ids | List of subnets for the DB | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Additional tags (e.g. map(`BusinessUnit`,`XYZ`) | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| vpc\_id | VPC ID the DB instance will be created in | `string` | n/a | yes |
## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| hostname | DNS host name of the instance |
| instance\_address | Address of the instance |
| instance\_endpoint | DNS Endpoint of the instance |
| instance\_id | ID of the instance |
| option\_group\_id | ID of the Option Group |
| parameter\_group\_id | ID of the Parameter Group |
| security\_group\_id | ID of the Security Group |
| subnet\_group\_id | ID of the Subnet Group |

Commit message:

Why these changes are being introduced: The Libraries webserver MariaDB database uses some additional configuration options that the Libraries RDS database module does not currently support passing. This code allows those additional vars to be passed in. If they are not, Terraform attempts to set the values for these options back to the module default (disabled). That causes us to see undesired changes when running `terraform plan` and would result in undesirable changes if the module driven changes were allowed to be applied during a `terraform apply`.
How this addresses that need:
* additional variables added to the vars file
* setting of module options with those passed in variables in the main.tf file

Side effects of this change:
None. I made sure that if these variables are not passed in, the old defaults
(disabled) are still applied.

Changes to be committed:
       modified:   README.md
       modified:   main.tf
       modified:   variables.tf

README.md, after:

# tf-mod-rds

Terraform module to provision AWS RDS instances.

This module is originally from [Cloudposse's RDS module](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-rds). For production usage, an RDS read replica should be created.

## MySQL Example:
 ```
module "db" {
  source                      = "github.com/mitlibraries/tf-mod-rds?ref=0.13"
  engine                      = "mysql"
  engine_version              = "5.7.34"
  instance_class              = "db.t3.micro"
  allocated_storage           = 20
  name                        = "appname-rds" # ONLY alphanumeric characters and hypen!
  database_name               = "dbname"      # ONLY alphnumeric characters!
  database_user               = var.rds_username
  database_password           = var.rds_password
  database_port               = "3306"
  db_parameter_group          = "mysql5.7"
  maintenance_window          = "Sun:00:00-Sun:03:00"
  backup_window               = "03:00-06:00"
  vpc_id                      = module.shared.vpc_id
  subnet_ids                  = module.shared.private_subnets
  security_group_ids          = [aws_security_group.default.id]
  major_engine_version        = "5.7"
  allow_major_version_upgrade = "false"
  apply_immediately           = "true"
  dns_zone_id                 = module.shared.private_zoneid
}
```

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | ~> 2.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| final\_snapshot\_label | github.com/mitlibraries/tf-mod-name | 0.13 |
| label | github.com/mitlibraries/tf-mod-name | 0.13 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| allocated\_storage | The allocated storage in GBs | `string` | n/a | yes |
| allow\_major\_version\_upgrade | Allow major version upgrade | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| apply\_immediately | Specifies whether any database modifications are applied immediately, or during the next maintenance window | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| auto\_minor\_version\_upgrade | Allow automated minor version upgrade (e.g. from Postgres 9.5.3 to Postgres 9.5.4) | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| backup\_retention\_period | Backup retention period in days. Must be > 0 to enable backups | `string` | `0` | no |
| backup\_window | When AWS can perform DB snapshots, can't overlap with maintenance window | `string` | `"22:00-03:00"` | no |
| copy\_tags\_to\_snapshot | Copy tags from DB to a snapshot | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| database\_name | The name of the database to create when the DB instance is created | `string` | n/a | yes |
| database\_password | (Required unless a snapshot\_identifier or replicate\_source\_db is provided) Password for the master DB user | `string` | `""` | no |
| database\_port | Database port (\_e.g.\_ `3306` for `MySQL`). Used in the DB Security Group to allow access to the DB instance from the provided `security_group_ids` | `string` | n/a | yes |
| database\_user | (Required unless a `snapshot_identifier` or `replicate_source_db` is provided) Username for the master DB user | `string` | `""` | no |
| db\_options | A list of DB options to apply with an option group.  Depends on DB engine | ```list(object({ db_security_group_memberships = list(string) option_name = string port = number version = string vpc_security_group_memberships = list(string) option_settings = list(object({ name = string value = string })) }))``` | `[]` | no |
| db\_parameter | A list of DB parameters to apply. Note that parameters may differ from a DB family to another | ```list(object({ apply_method = string name = string value = string }))``` | `[]` | no |
| db\_parameter\_group | Parameter group, depends on DB engine used | `string` | n/a | yes |
| dns\_zone\_id | The ID of the DNS Zone in Route53 where a new DNS record will be created for the DB host name | `string` | `""` | no |
| enabled | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| engine | Database engine type | `string` | n/a | yes |
| engine\_version | Database engine version, depends on engine type | `string` | n/a | yes |
| final\_snapshot\_identifier | Final snapshot identifier e.g.: some-db-final-snapshot-2015-06-26-06-05 | `string` | `""` | no |
| host\_name | The DB host name created in Route53 | `string` | `"db"` | no |
| instance\_class | Class of RDS instance | `string` | n/a | yes |
| iops | The amount of provisioned IOPS. Setting this implies a storage\_type of 'io1'. Default is 0 if rds storage type is not 'io1' | `string` | `"0"` | no |
| license\_model | License model for this DB.  Optional, but required for some DB Engines. Valid values: license-included \| bring-your-own-license \| general-public-license | `string` | `""` | no |
| maintenance\_window | The window to perform maintenance in. Syntax: 'ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi' UTC | `string` | `"Mon:03:00-Mon:04:00"` | no |
| major\_engine\_version | Database MAJOR engine version, depends on engine type | `string` | `""` | no |
| multi\_az | Set to true if multi AZ deployment must be supported | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| name | The Name of the application or solution  (e.g. `bastion` or `portal`) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| option\_group\_name | Name of the DB option group to associate | `string` | `""` | no |
| parameter\_group\_name | Name of the DB parameter group to associate | `string` | `""` | no |
| publicly\_accessible | Determines if database can be publicly available (NOT recommended) | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| security\_group\_ids | he IDs of the security groups from which to allow `ingress` traffic to the DB instance | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| skip\_final\_snapshot | If true (default), no snapshot will be made before deleting DB | `string` | `"true"` | no |
| snapshot\_identifier | Snapshot identifier e.g: rds:production-2015-06-26-06-05. If specified, the module create cluster from the snapshot | `string` | `""` | no |
| storage\_encrypted | (Optional) Specifies whether the DB instance is encrypted. The default is false if not specified. | `string` | `"false"` | no |
| storage\_type | One of 'standard' (magnetic), 'gp2' (general purpose SSD), or 'io1' (provisioned IOPS SSD). | `string` | `"standard"` | no |
| subnet\_ids | List of subnets for the DB | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Additional tags (e.g. map(`BusinessUnit`,`XYZ`) | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| vpc\_id | VPC ID the DB instance will be created in | `string` | n/a | yes |
| deletion\_protection | Protect this database instance from deletion | `string` | false | no |
| enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports | List of logs to export to AWS CloudWatch | `list` | n/a | no |
| monitoring\_interval | Interval to monitor the RDS instance | `string` | 0 | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| hostname | DNS host name of the instance |
| instance\_address | Address of the instance |
| instance\_endpoint | DNS Endpoint of the instance |
| instance\_id | ID of the instance |
| option\_group\_id | ID of the Option Group |
| parameter\_group\_id | ID of the Parameter Group |
| security\_group\_id | ID of the Security Group |
| subnet\_group\_id | ID of the Subnet Group |
